Update value-transfer.md (#719)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: internal/learn/about-iota/value-transfer.md

To get these tip messages, Charlie requests them from a node.

> The node selects these messages by using an algorithm called **Uniform Random Tip Selection** [URTS](https://wiki.iota.org/IOTA-2.0-Research-Specifications/4.3TipSelectionAlgorithm). This algorithm selects between one and eight valid tip messages that lead to a valid ledger state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node selects these messages by using an algorithm called **Uniform Random Tip Selection** [URTS](https://iotaledger.github.io/tips/tips/TIP-0003/tip-0003.html). This algorithm selects between one and eight valid tip messages that lead to a valid ledger state.
```

As it is IOTA we should reference tips. As the current TS and future TS will be different
